Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to cover a few more examples of function declarations.
All right, so what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to write example number
one, all right.
And we are going to create a function and the function name is going to be movie rating.
All right.
And we are going to pass in a parameter of rating inside the function name.
Right.
And we are going to consider log.
And through we are going to use our template strengths, right, and we are going to say the movies.
The movies, I'm just going to go small letters, the movies rating is.
We are going to use our template literals and we are going to and now inside this template literal,
what is it that we have to pass in?
You guessed right.
It is the function parameter that we are going to pass in inside the template.
Literal, right.
So whenever we call this function, the function argument is going to be is going to take the place
of the rating parameter and then it is going to be passed inside these inside this template strength.
Right.
And now let's go ahead and let's call this function and pass in a rating as an argument for the rating
parameter.
And I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to save nine point five and it says cancel the log and
this is a typo.
Let's go ahead and save it.
And it says the movie's rating is nine point five.
All right.
So we can use function parameters, we can use template strings inside functions as well.
So this is our very first example of this lecture.
Let's go ahead and let's talk about even like a bit more difficult functions.
So this is an example to in this example, we are going to pass in two parameters and then two arguments
for those parameters so we can have more than one parameter in the function.
So we are going to say Kalik nums and we are going to pass in a parameter of X, and whenever you want
to provide more than one parameter inside your function, you have to separate them by commas and you're
going to pass and y and in here we are going to say cancel the log.
So we want the function to implement the concept of log of X plus Y.
Now let's go ahead, let's call this function and let's pass and arguments for each of those parameters.
So I'm going to say no, this is the function call and inside the function call we are going to pass
in the values for X and Y and in the end, the Intellisense, it says the first value is going to be
referred to X and the second value is going to be referred to what?
So if I put in five here and again inside they are inside the function call, we separate arguments
with a comma.
Right.
So five is going to be the value of X.
And let's go ahead and let's say one is going to be the value of Y.
And when I say that we are going to get six here, we can call this function one more time.
We can call it, of course, as many times as we want.
And this time let's go ahead and let's say 14 and the value of Y is minus eight.
So we should get six again.
Let's put it to minus five so we get nine.
Right.
So this is how we would use multiple parameters inside a function.
Let's go ahead and let's talk about the final example of this lecture, which is example number three.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a function that has a name of movie perf or movie performance.
And I'm going to pass in two parameters.
The first parameter is going to be movie name and the second parameter is going to be box office.
Right.
And what do I want this function to do?
I want this function to log to the console.
What a template literal that says or a template string that says the.
Now, the movie name has grossed this much.
OK, let's grab it box office.
Basically, we want to say that this movie has earned this much money, all right, and we are going
to say billion, right?
So let's save it.
And I'm going to pass in another dollar sign here for the money, because what what this Templer literal
is going to give us is a no.
And when we provide the dollars and before the no, it is actually like we are talking about currency,
monetary value.
Right.
So we are going to say movie perve.
We are going to call that and know this is a true reuseable function.
Right.
Because we can pass in any movie name that we want and we can pass in any box office that we want.
So the first movie name that I want to pass is going to be a string and I'm going to say Jurassic.
Jurassic Park, and I'm going to say now we separate arguments as like parameters with commas, and
I say that this movie has grossed I'm not these numbers, they're not accurate.
This is just an example.
Right.
And I'm going to save it.
And it says The Jurassic Park Park has grossed one point eight billion.
All right.
We could call this function again and again and again as many times as we want.
And I'm going to say The Dark Knight has grossed what is the box office.
So the first parameter, the first started, the first argument is going to come here and the second
argument is going to come here.
All right.
And I'm going to say one point to The Dark Knight has grossed one point two billion.
So we're going to say movie, movie, perf.
And let's pass on our final.
This is the American Sniper and we are going to say point eight.
So now you guys can see this is a true representation of a reusable code.
We just have to call the function and you might say, OK, so this is one line of code.
Right?
But when we get to our lots and lots of projects, you're going to see that we usually we have a lot
of code and the functions.
And it doesn't matter how many lines of code we have, we don't want to repeat that.
So you might end up with like 10, 15 or 20 lines of logic inside your function.
You might have multiple loops, multiple statements inside your function.
And you don't you should not repeat that again and again and again for every, let's say, event listener
that you're implementing in your application.
So the best practice, the dry principle or don't repeat yourself principle, says that we should we
should avoid repeating ourselves as much as possible.
Now, even though there are three movie props here, it is not called repeating because the arguments
are different.
But if we were to call we were to write this three times, then that would be repeating.
All right.
So that's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.